Allow bounds-expansion to set a different size for each side (#2499)
cytoscape/cytoscape.js: documentation/md/style.md

The following properties apply to all images of a node:

> * **`bounds-expansion`** : Specifies a padding size (e.g. `20px`) that expands the bounding box of the node in all directions.  This allows for images to be drawn outside of the normal bounding box of the node when `background-clip` is `none`.  This is useful for small decorations just outside of the node. `bounds-expansions` accepts 1 (expand in all directions), 2(expand in `[top-bottom, left-right]`) or 4 (expand in `[top, right, bottom, left]`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **`bounds-expansion`** : Specifies a padding size (e.g. `20px`) that expands the bounding box of the node in all directions.  This allows for images to be drawn outside of the normal bounding box of the node when `background-clip` is `none`.  This is useful for small decorations just outside of the node. `bounds-expansions` accepts 1 value (in all directions), 2 values, (`[topAndBottom, leftAndRight]`) or 4 values (`[top, right, bottom, left]`).
```
